# Hello-World
Following the Hello World tutorial thingy
A second line
how does this thing work any way?


Learn from fucking criticism. Don’t worry about what other people fucking think. This design is fucking brilliant. If you’re not being fucking honest with yourself how could you ever hope to communicate something meaningful to someone else? Why are you fucking reading all of this? Get back to work. Must-do is a good fucking master. Design as if your fucking life depended on it. While having drinks with Tibor Kalman one night, he told me, “When you make something no one hates, no one fucking loves it.” What’s important is the fucking drive to see a project through no matter what. Make your work consistent but not fucking predictable. Don’t fucking lie to yourself. Respect your fucking craft. Saul Bass on failure: Failure is built into creativity… the creative act involves this element of ‘newness’ and ‘experimentalism,’ then one must expect and accept the fucking possibility of failure. A good fucking composition is the result of a hierarchy consisting of clearly contrasting elements set with distinct alignments containing irregular intervals of negative space. Can we all just agree as the greater design community to stop fucking talking about Comic Sans altogether? It’s getting fucking old. Never let your guard down by thinking you’re fucking good enough. Form follows fucking function. Someday is not a fucking day of the week. To go partway is easy, but mastering anything requires hard fucking work. Use your fucking hands. When you design, you have to draw on your own fucking life experiences. If it’s not something you would want to read/look at/use then why fucking bother? Design is all about fucking relationships—the relationship of form and content, the relationship of elements, the relationship of designer and user. Nothing of value comes to you without fucking working at it. Fuck. Dedicate yourself to lifelong fucking learning. If you fucking give up, you will achieve nothing. Creativity is a fucking work-ethic. When you sit down to work, external critics aren’t the enemy. It’s you who you must to fight against to do great fucking work. You must overcome yourself. 
